feat(processors.batch): Add batch processor (#15869)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/processors/batch/README.md

# Batch Processor Plugin

> The batch processor batches metrics into
> batches by adding a batch tag to the metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This processor groups metrics into batches by adding a batch tag. This is useful for parallel processing of metrics where downstream processors, aggregators or outputs can then select a batch using `tagpass`.
```
